hello hello hi guys lr we are proud and
we are currently here recording our
album in a few core huge go beyond s
which is you'll get like a French Miller
the most amazing studio ever seriously
it's the most beautiful house I'm sup
with the daffodils at one with nature
and loving it
my over in the studio we have a lot of
like free time obviously because I'm
coming now we're taking it turns to go
in the booth so we just start we need a
new Corvette aqui put today and stuff
and we just love the Sun Chris Brown's
and yeah yeah yeah yeah it's such a
chain are obsessed with it's all I've
got make that I rebuttal Josef Stalin
anybody can little girl though are your
plans now is that good we're just
working out all the group stuff trying
to put as many Harley's and it's
possible and try and just put our own
stamp on it so it's nice to sort of kind
of escape from what you're doing and go
into this other kind of world with the
girls Oh
it's nice for us to do covers because it
allows us to do something different and
for people people are obviously going to
make a direct comparison and hopefully
we can put on some point and people will
see that we're kind of doing our own
thing and we're worth listening to so
fingers crossed we do that okay so we
just do I want to see a second the first
time in club lyrics she just started
that bit first and because then we can
all come in again it's so handy having
Bianca unbarred because she's like
classically trained so she can like hear
harmonies and whatever and play the
piano and it really helps to find
different harmonies and stuff and then
we'll try and split out the parts and
then we'll try and like our own stamp on
it so you like to do that and give a bit
of parade character I wanna see you
tonight oh yeah and we want to do I
clicks acoustic all the fun soon that
because we really like it and it's
telling that really well so excited
right now tuned and I'll be many more
crude and tips to come back bye bye shut
up join the parade Oh
you